fix: add elb autoscaling (#2493)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/elb_loadbalancer.md

* `auto_renew` - (Optional, String) Specifies whether auto renew is enabled. Valid values are **true** and **false**.

* `autoscaling_enabled` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether autoscaling is enabled. Valid values are **true** and
  **false**.

> * `min_l7_flavor_id` - (Optional, String) The min L7 flavor id of ELB. The type is L7_Elastic. It can not be empty when
>   the loadbalancer has a listener of L7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `min_l7_flavor_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the minimum Layer-7 flavor for elastic scaling.
  This parameter cannot be left blank if there are HTTP or HTTPS listeners.
```
this is copied from [API docs](https://support.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/api-elb/CreateLoadBalancer.html#CreateLoadBalancer__request_CreateLoadbalancerAutoscalingOption), you can also add more informations about it.

Author: done

* `auto_renew` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies whether auto renew is enabled. Valid values are **true** and
  **false**. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `enable` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether autoscaling is enabled. Valid values are **true** and

Reviewer: suggest to rename it to **autoscaling_enabled**

Author: done

  **false**.

> * `min_l7_flavor_id` - (Optional, String) The L7 flavor min id. The type is L7_Elastic. It can not be empty when the

Reviewer: please update the description from API docs

Author: done
